Add local setup info in the with-supabase-auth-realtime-db example's README (#40030)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-supabase-auth-realtime-db/README.md

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-supabase-auth-realtime-db&project-name=nextjs-with-supabase-auth&repository-name=nextjs-with-supabase-auth&integration-ids=oac_jUduyjQgOyzev1fjrW83NYOv)

> ## Test locally
> 
> Step 1. ``cd`` into this directory.
> 
> Step 2. run ``npm install``
> 
> Step 3. create a supabase account and create a new project.
> 
> Step 4. copy .env.local.example into .env.local, and populate the keys.
> 
> Step 5. run ``npm run dev``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running Locally

1. `cd` into this directory
1. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
1. Create a Supabase account and new project
1. Copy `.env.local.example` into `.env.local` and add the project keys
1. Run `npm run dev` to start the local development server
```
